Mitsumi (Social: 8, Planning: 8, Focus: 7, Drive: 9)
2. characteristic
2.1. background
Ishikawa Prefecture Suzusi Ikajimacho was born and grew up in the countryside.[2] When I was in middle school, I watched the population of only 26 students, and I watched my hometown village, and I became a secretary of local autonomy and development in the future to revive these rural areas .

The General Affairs is an organization that was launched by integrated government offices such as autonomy , friendship , and the General Affairs Agency. This is the main task of national administrative management and evaluation, local autonomy, local finance and local tax planning, and also has been able to dispatch officials to high -ranking offices of various local governments since young people. Therefore, as with the Ministry of Public Administration and Security in Korea , it is the general affairs official to enter the local government. In the case of Kuroda, the former secretary -general of the former secretary -general, he was dispatched to Hiroshima Mashi Chairman and Finance Manager, Kumamoto County Finance Manager, General Manager, and Deputy Governor. In the center, it is a level of planning and deliberating local autonomy, finances, and promotion policies, and going to the field to see and manage the actual policy. However, entering the local government's head of local governments is usually dispatched to the current deputy governor or deputy mayor of mid -sized bureaucrats, and is often nominated for a successor or candidate for a local company or mayor. In fact, local affairs officials from Muraoka Tsugu Masa (Yamaguchi Prefecture, 41 years old), Saito Motohiko (Hyogohyeon, 43 years old), Hirai Shinji (Tottori Prefecture, 45 years old)[3] He was usually elected at a young age of 40, including Tatsuya , Maruyama (Shimane Prefecture, 49 years old), and all of them are from Tokyo University. Mitsumi is trying to develop his hometown by taking advantage of his know -how as a bureaucracy without worrying about that.

In order to become a bureaucracy, he aimed to enter the Tokyo University Law School, and he examined the Tsubamenici High School, Tokyo, and passed the first grade from spring. Tokyo University is a very optimistic level because it is holding the first place in the Tsubamenici, where there are about 20 students from Tokyo University every year. The mainstream of Japanese bureaucrats is the Law School of Tokyo University . The Department of Economics, Tokyo University, Kyoto University Law, and Hitotsubashi University Economics, respectively. In other words, education is much worse than in Korea. In the selection of the National Civil Service Recruitment Comprehensive Test (Administrative Examination), the laws of the law school have been the most popular and the mainstream.
2.2. sexual
In the countryside, he was called a child prodigy, and even after coming to Tokyo, his rank dropped slightly in the first placement test he took after entering the top school, and he came in 12th out of 240 students in the school. On the other hand, motor nerves are completely sluggish.
2.3. appearance
Outward features include four white eyes and a distinctive mouth shape with raised corners of the mouth. It is said that even Aunt Nao, who does not bear much resemblance to Mitsumi, resembles her except for the corners of her mouth. The source is episode 15.
2.4. personality
He is a natural character whose senses are slightly out of sync with his surroundings . He is a down-to-earth person in everything, and because he is from the countryside and does not know much about the world, he may appear to be easily hurt, but he has a pure and upright personality and has a strong mind that is confident that he can overcome pain and rise up, so when people see this side of him, people around him admire him. make it[4] When she came to Tokyo, she made many friends and became quite fond of the place.
3. Relationships
3.1. Shima Sousuke
On the day of the entrance ceremony, they meet Haemeda by chance on the subway and get to know each other as they go to school together with help. Afterwards, they exchange numbers and become best friends.

I realize my heart towards Shima in November[5] . For the first time, I was thinking of confession of the fear that my friend might collapse, but I confessed to Shima, who was self -helped after encouraging Ujii, and said, 'Shima is good.' I was going to talk about it in a range that could be, but Shima accepted it as a complete confession and became an irreversible confession. Afterwards, Shima's dating became a lover, as if he was tested and tested, but his affection and Shima's affection realized that they were different.

After becoming a friend with Shima, he seems to have decided to prioritize his studies rather than love, but his feelings of favorite Shima still seem to be alive. However, the priority of love itself is significantly lowered for Mitsumi, who is important to study and dream of studying for Tokyo.


Shima (Social: 7, Planning: -2, Focus: 8, Drive: -3)
2. characteristic
2.1. appearance
With his appearance that is considered to be the most handsome in school, he became a famous handsome man in the school the day after the entrance ceremony, and if you look at the later descriptions, he is a public good handsome man. He is tall at 178 cm, and his physical appearance is good, as he is good at sports.
2.2. personality
It is very popular because it is a handsome handsome man, and it is a social level who tries to match others as much as possible. In addition, due to the past experiences to be described later, it is strangely nihilic, and it is casually thinking about the school. It is fast and wise noticed to be born, and tends to act according to what others want. On the surface, it is a tender and handsome handsome handsome man, but in the inside, the human figure is inferior to those people.
2.2.1. past history
He has a pretty dark past and family history. He worked as an acting child actor in his childhood, but after being caught up in an incident in his senior year of elementary school, he has retired and hates revealing his past as a child actor to others. His relationship with his mother, who forced him to act as a child actor, is also delicate, and while he has never been affirmed to act the way he wants, the experience that everyone around him likes him when he behaves in line with what is expected of him , Acting the image you want from yourself has become the motto of your life. That's why he was 'playing' a handsome man who doesn't speak properly to others.

And that's why, unlike myself, who only adjusts himself to those around him and can't move forward while being haunted by the scars of the past, he is attracted to Mitsumi, who is the exact opposite of himself, who has a strong will, doesn't hesitate to speak the right words, and moves forward honestly with a firm goal in mind. it would have been Shima, who looked at Mitsumi's appearance, felt a lot of things as her relationship with Mitsumi deepened, and tried to change herself . I can affirm myself because Donan told me that I would have wanted to be friends with Shima . The influence Shima received from her Mitsumi was so profound that she could be said to be a nobleman who changed her life.
3. Relationships
3.1. Mitsumi Iwakura
On the day of the entrance ceremony, while he was wandering around the subway station to skip school, he saw Mitsumi, who was confused by an unfamiliar subway, and talked to her. They took the subway together and went to school. He took interest in Mitsumi, who was running hard after taking off her shoes, and asked them to become friends. Exchange numbers in class. She subsequently becomes Mitsumi's closest opposite-sex friend.[3]

Shima likes Mitsumi as a human. In the Shima standard, the highest level of praise. Talking about Mukai and Human Relationships, he reveals a car, and Mukai argues that the crush is stronger than a human being as a human being, and Shima thinks that the crush of humanity is more great without a bonus as an reason. So, as opposed to Mukai, my girlfriend is not so great and a human friend relationship is much more great, and I was reluctant to drop Mitsumi, who was already much more than his girlfriend, to drop Mitsumi's love. However, this conversation with Mukai succeeded in identifying the perception of the perception between himself and Mitsumi, and he realized the weight of the crush as Mitsumi to him. Since then, he has been wandering around Mitsumi and thinking about progress.

Mika (Social: 4, Planning: 5, Focus: 3, Drive: 6)
classmate. Although it is not a bad child, it is a complex that is full of complexes and is a little twisted because of the personality that is easy to get hurt by themselves. As a result, when I first met Mitsumi, I showed a lot of insistence on Mitsumi as I was close to the silly swelling side and Shima. It was quite improved with my aunt as an episode of some sort. In the second grade, he is assigned to the second class and the same class as Shima.

In Volume 6, she confessed to Shima by giving him Valentine's chocolates. After being dumped, she became involved more often with Mukai, who advised her on this.

Yuzuki (Social: 6, Planning: 0, Focus: 5, Drive: 2)
classmate. She is remarkably pretty, and she is ranked among the top 3 most popular girls in her grade. She had a rather cold impression in the beginning, but as it turned out, she made her high school debut.[7] . Compared to her glamorous appearance, she has an easy-going personality. She lived in the United States with her father , who was an overseas employee of a large company until the age of 8 (elementary 3), and returned home. Her hobby is the piano , and her original middle school was a private middle school where rich people attended , so she supported her family as well as her appearance. I tend to give

However, there was a reason why he left the school where he normally goes to high school and entered Tsubameni City to take the entrance exam. He changed schools in order to escape from the troubles in human relationships caused by rejecting male students who confessed to liking them and worsening relationships with female students who liked them. And in order not to create such a situation again, I made an image to look cold and subjective unlike when I was in middle school. After being promoted to the second grade, he was assigned to class 4 and showed a lot of anxiety because he was left alone.

Even in the original work, she is the most beautiful girl in school, so she is a beautiful character, but the animation character design and color are really pretty, so she is considered a visual member who contributes to the sales of this work along with Shima.

Makoto (Social: -5, Planning: 6, Focus: 4, Drive: 3)
classmate. She is a typical timid literary girl with a negative thinking circuit called negative thinking. Somehow, after hearing the explanation about Mitsumi & Shima and her student council, she goes to Starmax together and they become close. As she and she unite as a group, she becomes her heart-to-heart best friend with Murashige, whom she initially thought she would never be able to get close to. Since she entered the second year, she is assigned to class 1, and she becomes in the same class as Mitsumi. She and she comfort Murashige, who was suffering from her relationship troubles, and they become closer.

I am the tallest among my friends. He appears to be in his late 160s or around 170, which is a long way off from Mitsumi. Perhaps because of that, he has no hesitation about eating compared to his peers Murashige and Mika.

Mukai (Social: 1, Planning: 0, Focus: 1, Drive: 1)
Born on May 19th . Shima's friend since middle school. tall[9] He is a quiet handsome man and has the characteristics of being the son of a rich family, but surprisingly, he does not have a girlfriend. When she was in middle school, she had two experiences where a girl she liked used her as a stepping stone for Shima, and after that, she couldn't even think about girls liking her. So, even if there was a woman who approached her, she thought, 'Is it Shima again...' and ignored it, creating a vicious cycle in which the conversation did not continue, and she became the opposite of Shima, an idiot who did not know how to treat women . Even though she received chocolates on Valentine's Day, she only said 'Thank you' before leaving, so the girl who gave it to me was devastated because she thought there was no hope for her, but the person on the other side said, 'Maybe I'll get a girlfriend?' It shows that she is weak in continuing her relationship with the woman, such as being excited by the thought of it.

During the Valentine's Day phase, she becomes involved with Egashira. She heard about this because she was friends with Obuchi, a male student in the English conversation club who had asked Egashira for chocolate. Later, when she went to class, she heard Egashira talking on the phone with a middle school classmate and talking about Obuchi, saying that the invitation seemed lame. . She must have thought this wasn't right, so she told Egashira not to look down on other people's sincerity even though she had never been in a relationship with her sincerity, but instead, she heard him say, 'What do you know and what are you meddling with?' and she felt very uncomfortable. I think so. However, the next day, Egashira gave Shima a heartfelt chocolate and advised him that he would confess. However, when the man showed hesitation, fearing that the man would be offended if he gave him the chocolate, Egashira's true nature was disguised as a strong exterior. Contrary to this, I realized that I was severely lacking in self-esteem and self-affirmation.[10] Looking at her depressed Egashira, her Mukai uses all her talents that she doesn't have and comforts her by saying that she couldn't possibly be like that. And from then on, she saw Egashira taking good care of Mitsumi at a gathering and realized that she was usually kind, so when they were alone, she apologized for being harsh last time, and Egashira also said that she was at fault. I reply that it's okay. As a bonus, she gets ridiculed by Egashira because she senses that he is uncomfortable with her. Since then, a warm atmosphere has been forming with Egashira.

After being promoted to the 2nd year, she is assigned to class 5 and is in the same class as Yamada.

Yamada (Kento) (Social: 9, Planning: -4, Focus: 1, Drive: 4)
Born on August 6th . A typical flirtatious style, such as wanting to make a girlfriend when introducing himself in a small body with a frivolous and light style. To put it bluntly, I think that I want to date a girlfriend anyway, since anyone can be in a relationship. A character representing the most ordinary male student of that age. However, she is not frivolous, and there are parts where she shows consideration for the female students, making her a female student who thinks Yamada is okay.[11] There is one she, but she herself doesn't know what she really likes. Afterwards, she became close with Mitsumi while talking to her short colleagues, and even though they thought they could not understand each other while talking about the concept of love between men and women, an opportunity to expand their understanding of the opposite gender through a certain incident will be taken as After she is promoted to the second year, she is assigned to class 5, where she is in the same class as Mukai.

In volume 9, he was slightly flattered when he heard that Tomoe Meiko was interested in him, but was embarrassed when he heard from Meiko's friend that he liked anyone anyway and that if he liked a pretty girl like Murashige, he should not look down on Meiko and hurt her. However, later, when Meiko, who is usually quiet, opens up and defends herself against a boy who calls her a 'clown' when she is not in class, she asks Meiko what's wrong with liking a girl who tells her she's cool, and ends up being sincere to her. become a couple Because of this, even though she had planned to go to the beach with him during her summer vacation, out of consideration for her new girlfriend, she skips the meeting to visit Mitsumine's hometown.

Takemine (Tokiko) (Social: -3, Planning: 10, Focus: 2, Drive: 8)
Born on June 30th . one year senior. As a student council accountant, he is a perfectionist called ' stoic ', so he made a schedule by the minute, and couldn't stand it if it went wrong even a little, but after a certain episode, he was able to relax a little. Since there was no one to vote for the student council president, it was expected that it would be decided by a vote of confidence, so of course she expected to become the next student council president, but was defeated by Kazakami, a nuclear powerhouse who belatedly ran for office, and became vice president.

In the end, after only the first half of his term, he succeeded Kazakami, who quickly retired as chairman.

In the appendix at the end of Volume 4, it is revealed that it is quite popular. Of course, she is too naive and has a side that goes beyond the limit, and she is easily misunderstood because she has no tips, but it's cool that she doesn't break her convictions, and if you look closely, there are five men who think, 'Only I know Takamine's charm' because of her beauty. seemed to For reference, none of them said they had no intention of confessing . Among them, Segawa of the soccer club, who is representative of the group, tried to make a big deal about cutting the soccer club's budget in volume 2, but was defeated by the argument that he should make a material that properly explains the budget and come, and he organized the report while fighting and threw it away in annoyance. You really brought it, so I'll take a good look at it. shouted and ran away.[17] Since then, he has had a crush on Takamine, and he seems to have been chatting with Takamine on a regular basis. In addition, Kazakami, who was not a member of the Takamine Unrequited Love Association, who appeared in the appendix at the end of the book at the time, was also wrapped up in Takamine's hard-working appearance, so even after retiring as president, he often visits the student council to see his face, and sprinkles strange rice cakes. Both Segawa and Kazakami, who are somehow involved, are in the soccer club, Kazakami is the next captain, and Segawa is the general manager.

Kanechika (Narumi) (Social: 7, Planning: 4, Focus: -5, Drive: 10)
one year senior. As the director of the theater department, he is a man of will who pours his passion into plays with his future hopes as a playwright .

Without knowing her face, she tries to erroneously persuade Mitsumi to join the theater club, but instead becomes interested in Shima, who blocks her. In fact, she noticed Shima's impressive acting skills in the role of 'Kanade', which Shima played as a child, so she sent out several love calls to join the theater department, but she was rejected. . As a bonus, she says that she can't see what others are trying to hide, and she is even ridiculed by her saying that it's ridiculous to talk about a playwright with that kind of notice. With her passion for the theater, she's the type to rush in and not look around her.[18] She is usually cheerful and always smiling, so it is easy to see her as a light personality, but in fact, she has a deep and friendly side.

As mentioned above, his first meeting with Shima was not very good, but for Shima, who is always concerned about what others think and is interested in people who are the complete opposite of him, who has no dreams, Kanechika, who tirelessly encourages him, is a person full of dreams and passion, unlike himself, so he cannot help but be interested in him. In addition, to console Takamine, who lost the presidential election, he plays a work he made when he was an elementary school student to make him laugh, and Shima comes to see Kanechika differently. It happens. Although he still refused the invitation to join the theater club, Shima came to various realizations after playing the role of Rolf, a passionate Nazi-admired young man in The Sound of Music , in a play at the cultural festival , and joined the theater club.[19] , After joining Shima, they form a smooth senior-junior relationship and become close friends.

After being promoted to the 3rd grade, he gives up his position as manager and retires, and recommends Shima to become his successor, but Shima declines and volunteers to be vice manager, saying that Okano, who is a less aggressive type, is better than him. Kanechika responds by saying that Shima tends to overestimate that type of person, and that he believes that Shima also has what it takes to become a manager. This is also an aspect of his excellent observation skills, showing his keen insight into the fact that Shima overestimates Mitsumi's type and tries to hide his own. Even after retiring from her position as manager, she continues to participate in script writing and looks on with satisfaction to her second-year juniors who followed in her footsteps.

In the original text, all characters are referred to by names regardless of gender. It was the same for Mitsumi, Takamine, and Shima.

Kazakami (Hiroto) (Social: 8, Planning: -5, Focus: 3, Drive: -2)
Born on April 24th . one year senior. From the next captain of the soccer team[20] A refreshing handsome man with an outgoing personality, he was one of the top celebrities in the school, so despite running for office at the last minute, he defeated Takamine and became the student council president. He thought he was the kind of person who was trying to be serious, but he was the kind of person who, talking to his friends, insisted that someone like him should be at the top.

However, during the cultural festival, he unexpectedly showed a side of meticulously giving advice to middle school students who were counseling for entrance exams, and Takamine laughed and asked why he was crying because of the various emotions that came after the cultural festival. When I say I don't know, I say I'm not sure, but there are doctors and consultants in the whole family.[21] Born in a family with a lot of backs, where it was natural to go to Tokyo University, the soccer team was supposed to do it until the second year, and after that, it was supposed to focus on studying, but in the end, I quit because I got hurt, so I talk about the past, saying that the tricks aren't good. And she said that Takamine knew that she wanted to be the president, she said that she was sorry, but she said that doing what she wanted to do was like a high school student, and she said that she didn't become the student president with such a light heart either. is changing At the same time, she gives her bouquet to Takamine saying good work, but somehow she seems to have a flag with Takamine. She visits from time to time, saying that it is healing to see the efforts of the group in vain.[22]

After that, I don't know if he thought it was enough because he had served as student council president, if he wanted to focus on his studies, or if he was considerate of Takamine, but after the first half of his term, he retired early and handed over the chairmanship to Takamine. She is a special effects fan.

Nao (Social: 5, Planning: 3, Focus: 8, Drive: 5)

Mitsumi's aunt. He is about 21 years older than Mitsumi, so he is in his mid to late 30s. He gives his niece Mitsumi, who is attending high school in Tokyo, a spare room in his house to live with him, and also takes on the role of guardian. His real name is Naoki Iwakura and his occupation is a stylist . Thanks to this, Mitsumi, who is not familiar with the clothing coordination of urban high school girls of her age, often asks for advice.
File:Volume 5 Na...
Naoki in 5 volumes
Actually a trans woman . Without any need for foreshadowing, in episode 1, he is explicitly said to be his father's younger brother , and in episode 2, there is a scene where two female students whisper to Nao when he and Mitsumi are taking the subway to school and work respectively. At this time, a close-up of Nao's wrist joints and uvula clearly shows that her physical gender is male.

The title in the original language is Nao- chan , but the reason why it was translated as 'Aunt Nao' instead of just 'Nao' as in the original Korean version is because Chan is a title for women. In other words, people who call Nao 'Nao-chan', including Mitsumi, do so out of respect for Nao's identity and there is a point of distinction from Mitsumi's father, who calls her 'Naoki', so Nao was translated as 'aunt (father's younger sister)' to preserve the meaning of this part.

Although Nao is now fully settled in Tokyo, fragments reveal that Nao's school life in her hometown was quite dark, as can be easily guessed. He may have been bullied at school, but even when his high school classmate suggested he go to the reunion, he said he would never go, and that he had no good memories of his hometown. Unlike Mitsumi, who is full of good memories about her hometown and considers it her roots and sanctuary, Nao has little affection for her hometown because she is a person who cannot integrate with and is not understood by her conservative rural hometown. It is presumed that he was disowned and separated from his father forever because he was not understood even by his own father. Still, it's not that he hates everything about his hometown, and he said he liked the coastal sea that comforted him when he sat alone in the reed field and looked at it when he was having a hard time at school. It was only after being passed over for his sexual identity in Tokyo and working as a fashion coordinator that he found a place where he felt stable.

A longtime lover with Goro.

Fumino (Toyama) (Social: 2, Planning: 2, Focus: 10, Drive: 4)
A friend from Mitsumi's hometown. She is mostly referred to by her nickname, 'Fumi'. She is a childhood friend and best friend, she is Mitsumi's best understanding and a haven for his heart. Compared to her laid-back tone, her tough personality seems to have always taken care of Mitsumi, who has a screwy side, by her side, and even when she is preparing for her entrance exam or going to karaoke and is tired, she is the point where Mitsumi is troubled. It also provides comfort by instantly penetrating the body. She is also a senior in many ways ahead of Mitsumi in her love, but by the time of her sophomore year, she had already broken up with her first boyfriend, and her second love came to her.

Since he understands Mitsumi's true nature quite well and is good at interpersonal relationships, he quickly becomes friends with Mitsumi and her friends when they come to visit him in Volume 9, and even talks to Shima. Shima, who tells Mitsumi that he was dumped because 'I think you and I like each other differently', bursts out laughing, saying that you are also unique in believing what that foolish Mitsumi says, 'Mitsumi is very sloppy except for her studies.' He leaves meaningful words as if to think carefully again. Thus, while discussing Mitsumi with Mukai, Shima realizes the gap between himself and the world that he worships Mitsumi so much that he only sees her as an upright person, but others see her as quite sloppy. After learning about the difference in perception , he realizes that the feelings Mitsumi gave him as a lover were as heavy as the feelings he had for Mitsumi as a friend. She thus looked into Mitsumi again and it was her Fumi who gave her the opportunity to realize that she also had feelings for Mitsumi as her lover.

Ririka (Social: 3, Planning: -3, Focus: -5, Drive: 5)
Shima's childhood friend. I am working as a model, but rumors are not good, such as being suspected of drinking when I was in the 6th grade of elementary school. She said that the incident caused her to take a break from her entertainment activities during her junior high school days, and she took responsibility for it. there is. Even before summer vacation, she came to school unexpectedly and made Shima difficult. She came to class as a bonus and laughed at Mitsumi, saying that she would know it after seeing her . It is straight and bruises. This was obviously an act mixed with jealousy towards Mitsumi, her counterpart, who was receiving Shima's attention.

He visits during the cultural festival and exposes the fact that he was a child actor to his classmates in order to provoke Shima. However, when Shima apologized for making a mistake she could not repay to Ririka, she said that she wanted to move forward rather than be caught in the past . blow However, Lee was pretending to be strong in front of Shima, and in the taxi on the way back, she sheds tears and says that she knows it's her fault for following Shima, who told her not to follow her to the drinking party, but it's not fair. I remember seeing Shima standing in front of Mitsumi smiling brightly without any darkness, feeling anxious in front of a kid who didn't know anything and feeling uncomfortable in front of myself, and at the same time, because of my own entertainment activities, I couldn't even study middle school. He was jealous of Shima, who left the entertainment industry and happily held a cultural festival at a prestigious high school.

Appeared after a long time in Volume 8. She likes to hear that Shima broke up with Mitsumi, but she admits that the way Mitsumi first asked her to go back to being her friend, Shima is still confused about her feelings. Realizing that she is full of lingering feelings for Mitsumi, he is pissed off.

Mitsumi, who used to be a child actor and is now a professional model, is the highest level of beauty in the work, and even thought Murashige was a pretty girl, but it comes out that Mitsumi admires that her body shape is different from that of ordinary people. In the original, she showed a strong appearance that made her look like a different cartoon character, but in the anime, she appeared at a time when the drawing in the second half was a bit uneasy, and her character design was strangely weaker than the original.[31] She says that Yuzu, who received a buff from the anime, looks more beautiful. Her face is also a flashy type that catches the eye with her features, and she has a very strong impression, so when she gets angry seriously, she is very scary. However, she seems to be weak only for Shima, an opponent she still likes.

Chris (Social: 4, Planning: 2, Focus: 9, Drive: 2)
He is a chubby boy and is a group of childhood friends who played child roles along with Shima and Ririka. Currently, the actor is retired. He acts as a counselor between Shima and Ririka and is one of the best friends who know everything about each other, and he probably likes Ririka.

As Ririka sheds tears on the way home from the cultural festival, Shima comforts her by telling her that if she doesn't do something that makes her feel guilty, she won't go anywhere. At the same time, he tries to subtly appeal that he is there too, but the sound of Ririka blowing his nose gets him chewed out, and he points out that it's just your fault for not being able to study even though he didn't have any work to do in middle school.

In Volume 8, Shima asks for advice about dating Mitsumi. She is one of those who can see through Shima's essence, so Shima reveals her side as her best friend by giving her appropriate advice even about the difficulties she encounters.

Ujiie (Social: -8, Planning: 5, Focus: -6, Drive: 8)
Oh yea. He reacts nervously to Mitsumi, who first spoke to him as a long-haired man with glasses. He is a student with a unique side, and he brings and drinks fragrant tea every day.

In Volume 8, he surprises everyone by suddenly running for the student body president election, but gives a disorganized speech that makes it impossible to know why he ran for the election out of the blue. Anyway, compared to Mitsumi, who had a background in the student council and gave speeches well, this one had no friends and was not the type to take the initiative in school work, so he could not understand why he wanted to be the president, and he could not show his ability in speeches. It is presumed that they did not get many votes, and as a result, Mitsumi becomes the president and Ujiie becomes the vice-president.

Even after joining the student council, she couldn't get along with Mitsumi and the executives, and after overturning the file classification manual, Mitsumi, exhausted from communication, points out Ujiie's lack of communication and asks her to open up properly. However, seeing that Ujiie smiled and said that she must have been angry with her, it seems that she didn't open her heart to me, so I answered how I could open her heart. She is shocked to see Wu Jie, who is doing this without knowing how ugly she is. Sitting opposite Mitsumi, who served her a cup of tea, Ujiie still whimpers, only then revealing what she was thinking. Until middle school, I was one of the best students in school, so I could ignore the people around me even if I didn't have friends, but after entering the prestigious high school, Tsubamenishi, I came to realize that there are super people around me who are studying better than themselves and enjoying their youth. Compared to them, he was insignificant and trembled in fear that he would not be chosen by society. So, by running for the student body president election, she checked to see if there was truly something special left in her, and if she found out that it was not, she risked her shame and ran for the election in order to break the illusion and move on to reality as soon as possible. She concludes that Mitsumi, who is full of people around her, will not understand her thoughts of her own. However, Mitsumi hears her Ujiie's confession and she realizes that she too must face her reality properly.

When Mitsumi first came to Tokyo, she had no hope of going to the University of Tokyo and becoming a bureaucrat, but friendship with precious friends including Yuzuki Mikawa and Makoto, and student autonomy as a preparatory exercise for the distant future of becoming the head of a local government after working as a bureaucrat. The desire to make it one's own by achieving the experience of activities and the love of Shima, the first unrequited love partner in life, naturally sprouted. However, in the current situation, it is unreasonable to grasp everything , and in a situation where nothing is easy, from studies to friendship and the job as the student council president, forcibly continuing even the awkward romantic relationship with Shima admits that it is overzealous to lose everything by trying to grasp everything. Even if you don't want to do it, you have no choice but to admit it. Mitsumi bursts into a louder cry than Ujiie herself, and she too admits her reality and she decides to move on to the future after that.[14] And in the end, Mitsumi informed Shima of her breakup in the next episode, so her conversation with Ujiie also contributed to her Mitsumi's growth.
File:Cut by Ujii...

After that, he developed quite a bit of social skills and joined the student council and Mitsumi. Meanwhile, when he said that the reason he grew his hair was to cover it up because he was scolded for having bad eyes when he was in elementary school, the day after Mitsumi complimented him on his pretty eyes, he cut off the long hair that covered his eyes and showed up, causing constant suspicion. Although he convinced the student council members that it was true that he liked Mitsumi , it turned out that the person he was in love with was Yasaka . Yasaka and I knew that the code couldn't be right, but after receiving advice from Mitsumi that she didn't need to cover her eyes, she decided that she didn't want to at least look unpleasant when she got into Yasaka's eyes, so she cut her hair cleanly, and cut off her hair neatly, so she cut off her hair neatly, and when she met him that day, he cut his hair cleanly. Hearing that Yasaka is 'refreshing', he thanks Mitsumi. Mitsumi confesses that she was scared of Ujiie because she thought he liked her, and she responds by saying that Mitsumi is a good person, but like her mother, she nags a lot, so she is not attracted to him rationally . She talks and she gets a body blow.